Rework log facet documentation across overall log management documentation (#6528)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/processing/attributes_naming_convention.md

In this context, the number of created or provided attributes can lead to confusion and difficulty to configure or understand the environment. It is also cumbersome to know which attributes correspond to the the logs of interest and —for instance—correlating web proxy with web application logs would be difficult.

And even if technologies and teams natively define their respective logs attributes differently, a URL, client IP, or duration have universally consistent meanings. A **naming convention** defines standard names to use when referring to structuring technical or business concepts, resulting in a common language that everyone agrees to use by convention.

## Standard Attributes and Aliasing

**Standard Attributes** are the backbone of the naming convention for your organisation.

With **Aliasing**, search and aggregate in one single pane of glass logs flowing from heterogenous sources. And onboard users across multiple teams on your naming convention, without asking them for tedious changes in their technical stack (which would never be a priority, and likely to be a breaking change).

> Aliasing is most particularly useful when it comes to filtering or aggregating logs flowing from different sources altogether - that is to say when [turned into facets][1]. Gathering content from multiple and heterogenous sources into a unique **Standard Facet** makes it much more straightforward to build insights or pivot information across your organisation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aliasing is particularly useful when it comes to filtering or aggregating logs from different sources altogether—that is to say, when [turned into facets][1]. Gathering content from multiple and heterogenous sources into a unique **Standard Facet** makes it much more straightforward to build insights or pivot information across your organization.
```

> As a matter of example, follow the clients most impacted by latencies on a hybrid [Apache][2] and [Amazon Cloud Front][3] infrastructure, using the Standard `Network Client IP` facet alonside the Standard `duration`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, follow the clients most impacted by latencies on a hybrid [Apache][2] and [Amazon Cloud Front][3] infrastructure, using the standard `Network Client IP` facet alongside the standard `duration`.
```

> ### Curate Standard Attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Curate standard attributes
```

> Log Integrations natively rely on a [default set](#default-standard-attribute-list) of standard attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log integrations natively rely on a [default set](#default-standard-attribute-list) of standard attributes.
```

> But Admin users in your organisation are entitled to curate the list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Admin users in your organization can curate the list:
```

> - either from the [Log Explorer][1], **promoting** existing attributes as Standard Attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- From the [Log Explorer][1], **promoting** existing attributes as standard attributes.
```

> - or from the Standard Attribute [Configuration Page](#standard-attributes-in-explorer) **creating** new Standard Attributes from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- From the standard attribute [configuration page](#standard-attributes-in-explorer), **creating** new standard attributes from scratch.
```

### Aliasing

Aliasing a source attribute towards a destination attribute allow logs carrying the source attribute to carry the source and destination attribute, both with the same value.

> Users can interact with either the aliased (source) or standard (destination) faceted attribute. But as far as facets are concerned, users are [nudged][4] to use the Standard Facet rather than the Aliased one. This provides guidance towards the naming convention, and smoothly discourages from building assets (such as saved views or dashboards) based on non-standard content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can interact with either the aliased (source) or standard (destination) faceted attribute. As far as facets are concerned, however, users are [nudged][4] to use the standard facet rather than the aliased one. This provides guidance towards the naming convention, and discourages users from building assets (such as saved views or dashboards) based on non-standard content.
```

Additional details regarding aliasing:

> - Aliasing happens after the logs are processed by the pipelines. Meaning, any extracted or processed attribute can be used a source for aliasing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Aliasing happens after the logs are processed by the pipelines. Any extracted or processed attribute can be used a source for aliasing.
```

- Datadog enforces the type of an aliased attribute. If this is not possible, the aliasing is skipped.
- In case a log already carries the destination attribute, aliasing overrides the value.

> - For a standard attribute to which multiple attributes are aliased, and if a log carries several of these source attributes, only one of these source attributes is aliased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For a standard attribute to which multiple attributes are aliased, if a log carries several of these source attributes, only one of these source attributes is aliased.
```

- Any updates or additions to standard attributes are only applied to newly ingested logs.
- Standard attributes cannot be aliased.

> - Attributes can only be aliased to Standard Attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Attributes can only be aliased to standard attributes.
```

- To respect the JSON structure of the logs, it is not possible to have one standard attribute as the child of another (for example `user` and `user.name` cannot both be standard attributes).

> ## Standard Attributes in Log Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Standard attributes in log configuration
```

> The standard attribute table is available in Log Configuration pages, along with pipelines and other logs intake capabilities (metrics generation, archives, exclusion filters, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard attribute table is available in Log Configuration pages, along with pipelines and other logs intake capabilities such as metrics generation, archives, exclusion filters, etc.
```

{{< img src="logs/processing/attribute_naming_convention/standard_attribute_config.png" alt="Standard Attributes"  style="width:60%;">}}

> ### Standard Attribute List

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Standard attribute list
```

The standard attribute table comes with a set of [predefined standard attributes](#default-standard-attribute-list). You can append that list with your own attributes, and edit or delete existing standard attributes:

{{< img src="logs/processing/attribute_naming_convention/edit_standard_attributes.png" alt="Edit standard attributes"  style="width:80%;">}}

A standard attribute is defined by its:

> - `Path`: The path of attribute **promoted** as Standard Attribute, as you would find it in your JSON (e.g `network.client.ip`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Path`: The path of the attribute **promoted** as a standard attribute, as you would find it in your JSON (for example: `network.client.ip`).
```

> - `Type` (`string`, `integer`, `double`, `boolean`): The type of the attribute which is used to cast element of the remapping list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Type` (`string`, `integer`, `double`, `boolean`): The type of the attribute, which is used to cast elements of the remapping list.
```

- `Aliasing list`: Comma separated list of attributes that should be **aliased** to it.
- `Description`: Human readable description of the attribute.

> The standard attribute panel pops when you add a new standard attribute or edit an existing one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard attribute panel appears when you add a new standard attribute or edit an existing one:
```

{{< img src="logs/processing/attribute_naming_convention/define_standard_attribute.png" alt="Define Standard attribute"  style="width:80%;">}}

## Standard Attributes in The Log Explorer

> Alias attributes directly from the log explorer, to make such decisions right in context. See [documentation][5] for reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alias attributes directly from the log explorer. See the [associated documentation][5] for reference.
```
